“Sam, Tabby, and I are going to camp out back of Tabby’s grandfather’s place tonight.”, I yelled to my parents as
I went down the basement stairs to my room. The door to the basement was only a few feet from the front door,
so most times, I could make it down the stairs before my parents realized I was home. This time, though, I
needed to get
moving quickly.
Might as well
get the story out
there first.
Everything
depended on
the three of us
making it to the
site before
sundown.
“Hi, Cat, glad
you’re home,”
my father
yelled from
somewhere
vaguely
upstairs. “It’s been a long time since you three went camping. What’s the special occasion?” My mother asked
from what sounded like the kitchen. I was still halfway down the stairs and stopped. I couldn’t tell my parents
the real reason. They are both such nice people; they might smile and nod or lock me in a nuthouse. Instead, I
told them a little white lie. “Tab just broke up with Jess,” I said, though that had happened almost two weeks
before. I wasn’t much of a sharer, so I was sure I hadn’t told my parents. Especially since their breakup had
involved Jess trying to kill her. As I said, my parents are nice people, so I wasn’t going to worry them with our
life and death struggles. There was nothing they could do, but they wouldn’t see it that way. Knowing would
just put them in danger.
“I’m so sorry,” my mother said, rounding the corner and standing
at the top of the stairs. Her curly brown hair was mussed. In the
middle of making dinner, she was wearing a blue apron with a
duck on it. My little brother had bought it for her for Christmas.
“How is she doing?” she asked, her eyes wide, her mouth making a
frown of concern.
Now I could smell the onions that she was cooking. My stomach
rumbled, thinking of all the possible dinners she might make. But I
had no time; I would have to forgo food for a little while longer
and sleep. God, I needed just 30 minutes to sleep. Instead, I try to
put on a brave face. “She’s doing good, Mom, just a little sad. Jess
turned out to not be a nice person”, I said; that was honest, at least, given the knife and the attempted stabbing.
My mother looked in the direction of the kitchen. “I’ve got to stir the onions. Are you going to stay for
dinner?” she said, disappearing from view. I wanted to. I was so hungry and tired. I just wanted my normal life
back.
“No, thanks, Mom, but Tab said she wants to binge, so I’m picking up junk food!” I yelled up the stairs as I
continued descending them.
“OK,” my mom said, probably from the kitchen now. She said something else, but I missed it. Finally,
reaching the bottom of the stairs. I made my way to my room next to the furnace. I closed and locked my door.
Under my bed was The Trunk. It had taken the three of us months to find it. After we had cleaned the mud off,
it revealed a green surface. The material is something I’ve never seen or felt. It feels like fuzzy leather and
smells wonderful, like when it stops raining on a warm summer day. At first, I thought it was something in the
mud we washed off, but it never seems to lose that smell, no matter how long it’s been down here. The green
skin is marred in more places than I can possibly count. I think it’s from years of attempts to open the trunk
forcefully, but I don’t know. I hope that I won’t become so desperate. I pull out the note, the words that Tab
risked her life for to get from Jess.