“Sam, Tabby and I are going to camp out back of Tabby’s grandfather’s place tonight.”, I yelled to my parents as I went down the basement stairs to my room.  The door to the basement was only a few feet from the front door, so most times, I could make it down the stairs before my parents realized I was home.  This time, though, I needed to get moving quickly.  I might as well get the story out there first.  Everything depended on the three of us making it to the site before sundown.
“Hi, Cat, glad you’re home,” my mother yelled from somewhere vaguely upstairs. “It’s been a long time since you three went camping,”  I was still halfway down the stairs and stopped.  I couldn’t tell my parents the real reason.  They are wonderful people; they might smile and nod or lock me in a nuthouse. Instead, I told them a little white lie.  “Tabby just broke up with Jess,” I said, though that had happened almost two weeks before. I wasn’t much of a sharer, so I was sure I hadn’t told my parents.  Especially since their breakup had involved Jess trying to kill her.  As I said, my parents are wonderful people, so I wasn’t going to worry them with our life and death struggles.   They could do nothing, but they wouldn’t see it that way.   Knowing would just put them in danger.
“I’m so sorry,” my mother said, rounding the corner and standing at the top of the stairs.  Her curly brown hair was mussed.  Even if it weren’t for the wonderful smells, she was clearly in the middle of making dinner. She wore a blue apron with a duck on it.  My little brother had bought it for her for Christmas. “How is she doing?” she asked, her eyes wide, her mouth making a frown of concern. 
Now, my nostrils were full of the onions that she was frying.  My stomach rumbled, thinking of all the possible dinners she might make. But I had no time; I would have to forgo food for a little while longer and sleep.  God, I needed just 30 minutes to sleep.  Instead, I try to put on a brave face.   “She’s doing good, Mom, just a little sad.  Jess turned out to not be a nice person”, I said; that was honest, at least, given the knife and the attempted stabbing.
My mother looked in the direction of the kitchen. “I’ve got to stir the onions. Are you going to stay for dinner?” she said, disappearing from view.  I wanted to.  I was so hungry and tired. I just wanted my boring, everyday life back. 
“No, thanks, Mom.  Tab said she wants to binge, so I’m picking up junk food!” I yelled up the stairs as I continued descending them.
“OK,” my mom said, probably from the kitchen now. She said something else, but I missed it. Finally, reaching the bottom of the stairs.  
I made my way to my room next to the furnace.  I closed and locked my door.  I reached under my bed, pushed aside some blankets, and pulled out a small trunk.  No larger than a toaster, it was surprisingly heavy. It had taken the three of us months to find it.  After we had cleaned the mud off, it revealed a green surface.  The material is something I’ve never seen or felt.  It looks and feels like fuzzy leather and smells wonderful, like when it’s just started raining on a warm summer day. At first, I thought it was something in the mud we washed off, but it never seems to lose that smell, no matter how long it’s been stashed under my bed.  “It’s like someone covered a miniture trunk in green suade”, Tabby mused when we first started washing the mud off.  We used a bucket and sponges. “It feels like washing my dog,” Sam giggled. “But it smells so good”, I said.
