The green skin is marred in several places.  I think it’s from attempts to open the trunk forcefully, but I don’t know.  Tabby, Sam, and I spent hours trying to open it one night.  We mostly tried magic, but after hours of incantations, our frustrations took over.   Not one of my proudest moments, I stamped out of the room, went down the hall to my dad’s tool chest, and returned with the biggest screwdriver I could find.  I worked at prying the lid until the screwdriver slipped and almost impaled my hand.  “You’re going to hurt yourself,” Tabby cried, grabbing the screwdriver away from me. After a while, her groans of frustration were too much, and Sam took over.  Sam tried harder than the two of us combined, but she never got the lid to budge.  Also, we never left even the slightest mark—my first slip of the screwdriver, where it missed my hand and skidded down the surface.  I was sure it would have left a scratch or torn the green material, but it didn’t show a mark.  Nothing showed on the ledge where we tried, in turn, to wedge the screwdriver and pry at the lid. That’s why I wonder what amount of force was necessary to leave behind the marks on the trunk.  There aren’t many, but they are distinctive.  Maybe from a knife?  They are thin   It’s hard to say.  There are each thin, is a thin scratch, about two to three inches long.  The green is There’s a place where the green is slightly charred in a neat circle.  Maybe a blow torch? I hope that I won’t become so desperate.  
It was Tabby who first got us hooked on magic, but the first magic came from the three of us.  Tabby pushed us so hard, while still pretending it was all a just a game we were doing together.  When Sam or I would complain, Tabby would say “It will make us closer friends.”, “Be with each and be with the words”, she would say in encouragement.
I sit down hard on the bed, my eyes filling with tears.  I miss Tabby and Sam so much, I just need their strength.   Together, we may have been unstoppable, but I’m nothing without them.  I start to sob, but then quickly shake it off.  I can’t think that way.  They are counting on me.  I pull out the words that Tabby risked her life to get from Jess. It’s an old piece of thick, yellow paper, folded into a small square.  The magic and Jess came almost at the same time.  I wonder now if that was a coincidence.  I suppose maybe not, maybe we all came together to somehow resolve this old pain, this drama from the past that’s infected our present and might end our future.

